hi everyone so today I will show you how
to do this simple natural everyday
looking makeup routine and it's less
than five minutes so i use it whenever
i'm running late for school or for work
or for whatever it is and you will use
only three things the first thing that
you will use is just like a pink brush
palette angrily the second thing that
you will use is this BB cream by new
york city it's five and one and i like
this because it moisturizes so it's not
just like a beauty cream it makes it
look like if your skin is moisturized as
opposed to dry second thing that you
will need is any type of brush I give on
my brushes from the night net and so on
and they work really well the third
thing that you would need is this
mascara or not you working this New York
City mascara that i really like but you
can use any sort of mascara the BB cream
at is a target for less than three
dollars and also the mascara is at
target for less than three dollars so
let's get started you guys get about a
dime-size to a quarter size amount of BB
cream and create a half hard starting
from the chicken going all the way down
and make sure to get it on a little bit
on your nose and do an upside down
triangle on your forehead and get the
rest of it on your neck so if you look
natural the two fingers you're going to
spread it around not blend it but spread
it all around your face and also on your
neck you're going to just use the brush
so for this card just blend it in with
with that brush of yours all around your
face and do not forget the neck because
you will not want to have two different
type of skin tone color 19 Faceman
on your neck so this will create the
illusion that you are wearing no makeup
because your skin is going to look like
one even skin tone color now i get my
concealer and i do to upside down
triangles underneath my eyelids i use a
concealer after the BB cream because if
there's something that the BB cream
didn't get or if i miss something the
concealer would definitely get it and it
will make my eyes look nice refreshed
like if i slept for 12 hours rather than
looking like a zombie also i also get it
on my nose just so that my nose looks
ask the same shade as the rest of my
face since i didn't get around my lips I
just like to get just a little tiny bit
of BB cream and so it it looks even with
the rest of my face and of course you
have to get your eyelash curler and curl
those eyes away and with your mascara do
one coat and try to make them look
natural as possible because you are
doing a natural everyday makeup so it
looks like if you just woke up in the
morning and you left school or work or
wherever you have to go so the more
natural you can get them the better and
I suggest you use the new york city city
curls mascara from target and also this
one right here I usually just do like a
really light coat at the bottom but if
you want to do two coats at the bottom
of your eyelashes go ahead
really light pink from my cheeks get it
enough so that it shows but not a lot
towards it looks like if you just put on
like some dark purple plush so really
try to get it more on to the natural
side so it looks like if you know just
put a little tiny bit of blush on but
not too much and I just like to get the
rest of it off with my fingers now for
my lips I am putting so the first coats
going to be this light pinkish lips and
then my second coat is going to be the
more hot pink and the third coat is
going to be your natural like reddish
dark reddish type but don't put a lot of
it just put a little bit just to know so
that your lips will show this is just a
really simple everyday makeup look for
high school college work for date and I
girls night out whatever you need it to
it's good for you so like my video and
subscribe to my channel and I will see
you next time with another tutorial um
leave in the comments below comments
below what sort of other tutorial you
want me to make if it's hair style of
another everyday makeup routine make up
whatever you want me to I will do it so
like this video comment below subscribe
to my channel and you guys have a good
day